Landing Page
Luke Heath helps leaders and their teams excel.
He has coached and trained executives in global organisations for more than 20 years to perform at their best.
HeathCoaching delivers workshops that elevate leadership, sales, and productivity.
Contact Luke →

Our Services
One-to-One Coaching
Coaching leaders to bring out the best in themselves and their teams. 
 [Learn More →]
Triple Intelligence Leadership Workshop
Advance the 3 domains of outstanding leadership: rational, emotional, and social intelligence.
 [Learn More →]
Winning Careers Workshop
Optimise the 5 personality factors that drive career success. Build productivity, engagement, and enjoyment across your workforce.
 [Learn More →]
Value-Centred Selling Workshop
Accelerate sales by a winning mindset, contact energy, and dollar-productive behaviours. Add value at every stage of the client buying cycle.
 [Learn More →]


One-to-One Coaching Page
High-value coaching for executives.
Luke has coached C-level leaders since 2002 in more than 40 countries. His coaching is grounded in psychology and commercial experience. Clients can expect:
Challenge and Support
Coachees are helped to achieve significant goals.  Sessions can be challenging but are always supportive. 


Commercial Insights
Luke has founded multiple businesses and been a fund manager and investment banker. He shares emerging business themes facing other leaders.  


Behavioural Science
Evidence-based coaching facilitates sustained change.  Leaders can learn coaching techniques to apply with their teams.


Bespoke Resources
Coachees have access to proprietary psychological assessments on leadership, teams, sales, energy, and personality.


Useful Feedback
Luke can gather insightful feedback from key stakeholders to guide the thinking and actions of coachees.


Contact Luke →














Triple Intelligence Leadership 
Transform how leaders make decisions, manage emotions, and optimise team dynamics to win.

This 1-day workshop helps leaders bring out the best in themselves and colleagues.  It focuses on the big 3 drivers of excellent leadership: rational, emotional, and social intelligence.  We share practical techniques that can immediately be used.

1.  RATIONAL INTELLIGENCE
Excellent decision-making requires a reliable process.  We discuss how to prioritise deep thinking, generate innovative ideas, form strategy, chair productive meetings, and identify employees who are likely to be high performers.

2.  EMOTIONAL INTELLIGENCE
A crucial leadership role is to be a mood manager.  We discuss how to enhance trust, cultivate empathy and generosity, display resilience, understand the motivations of a broad range of personalities, and manage underperforming colleagues.

3.  SOCIAL INTELLIGENCE
Advanced social intelligence distinguishes the best leaders.  We discuss how to champion a winning culture, deliver significant change projects, defend the team’s energy and time, connect colleagues to networks, and embrace the mandate to lead.

INCLUDES:
Interactive, face-to-face delivery of the Triple Intelligence Leadership Workshop.
Triple Intelligence Leadership Assessment and comprehensive resources
12-months of LeaderCoacha newsletters.  


Winning Careers 
Increase productivity, engagement, and enjoyment for everyone in the organisation.  

This half-day workshop helps participants optimise 5 personality characteristics that add extraordinary value: growth mindset, conscientiousness, energy management, generosity, and emotional agility.  We share practical techniques that can immediately be used.

GROWTH MINDSET
A growth mindset future-proofs your career.  We discuss how to gain and respond to feedback and refine a 12-month learning plan.

CONSCIENTIOUSNESS
Conscientiousness predicts long-term success.  We discuss how to maintain work at a high standard and help customers have an excellent psychological experience.

ENERGY
High energy people are compelling to work with.  Participants complete the Energy20 Assessment and we discuss how to be persuasive in any meeting.
 
GENEROSITY
Generous colleagues help teams thrive.  We discuss connecting colleagues to our networks and making a positive contribution to team morale.

EMOTIONAL AGILITY
Emotional agility equips us to deal with setbacks.  We discuss fostering resilience, taking ultimate responsibility for our career success, and the virtues of buddy coaching.
  
INCLUDES:
Interactive, face-to-face delivery of the Winning Careers Workshop.
Winning Careers Assessment and comprehensive resources
12-months of CareerCoacha newsletters.  
Value-Centred Selling 
Accelerate how salespeople win sales and enjoy their work.

This half-day workshop helps salespeople sell more by being value-centred.  It focuses on the big 3 drivers of selling success: winning mindset, contact energy, and dollar-productive behaviours.  We share practical techniques that can immediately be used.

1.  WINNING MINDSET
Knowing the value we create is authentic and powerful.  We discuss the value we want to give and receive each client meeting, knowing what motivates us to sell, having annual SMART goals, and having ambitious weekly process goals.

2.  CONTACT ENERGY
The energy we bring to selling unlocks value.  We discuss bringing positive energy to client conversations, overcoming the different forms of contact reluctance, and quickly rebounding from prospects saying ‘no’.    

3.  DOLLAR PRODUCTIVE BEHAVIOURS
Regular valuable actions compound sales success.  We discuss optimising sales team meetings, daily activity plans, matching value to the stage of the buying cycle, language for closing sales, and being confident and skilful negotiating price and terms.   

INCLUDES:
Face-to-face delivery of the Value-Centred Selling Workshop.
Value-Centred Selling Assessment and comprehensive resources.
12-months of SalesCoacha newsletters.  